Add preview banner to Chat with Bits AI (#30296)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/bits_ai/chat_with_bits_ai.md

- /bits_ai/getting_started/
---

> <div class="alert alert-info">Chat with Bits AI is currently in preview. Please reach out to your account manager if you have questions.</a></div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< callout url="#" >}}
Chat with Bits AI is in preview. Please reach out to your account manager if you have questions.
{{< /callout >}}
```
